Video starts with Raheem strolling towards the school with a Clarks X Raheem shoe box in his hands. Raheem says, ‘Today is a very special day.’
Scene changes to show children playing in the school playground. Raheem says, ‘I designed new school shoes with Clarks and I’m going back to school to show the kids.’
Camera zooms in on Clarks X Raheem school shoes worn by child in the playground.
Scene changes to show headteacher (Mr. Martin Symes) sat at his desk, looking out of his office window.
Scene changes to show Raheem standing in the school reception looking at the school shoes he designed.
Raheem takes the shoes out of the box to admire them. Raheem says, ‘Clean’.
Raheem proudly points to his signature on the box.
The scene changes back to show Mr. Martin Symes sat at his desk talking to the camera. Mr. Martin Symes says, ‘We are very very proud that we’ve been chosen to host Raheem, he is a champion, and this is, I like to think, the home of champions.’
Scene changes to show Mr. Martin Symes greeting Raheem with some of the school children. A Raheem Sterling display and cardboard cut-out can be seen in the background.
Mr. Martin Symes shakes Raheem’s hand. Mr. Martin Symes says, ‘ohhh hello, ha ha ha’.
Raheem shakes female teacher’s hand.
The scene changes to return to Mr. Martin Symes in his office.
Scene changes to show Raheem and students sat in a circle playing recorders.
Second female teacher looks at the music class.
Scene changes to show a child sat on a school chair, talking to the camera. Child says, ‘Raheem cannot play the recorder.’
Scene changes to show P.E teacher (Mr. Glyn Abbott) stood in a Gymnasium, talking to the camera. Mr. Glyn Abbott says, ‘What can I say - the man is an icon.’
Mr. Glyn Abbott takes a selfie with the cardboard cut-out of Raheem.
Scene changes to show Raheem approaching a group of students gathered around green lockers. Raheem fist pumps one of the children as he approaches them.
Children jump around excitedly. Child says, ‘Please will you sign my locker’.
Raheem signs the locker. Raheem says, ‘Course’.
Scene changes to show Raheem with his foot on a yellow gym ball. Camera zooms out to show school children in P.E kit sat on the gym floor watching Raheem dribble gym ball around some cones. Raheem makes enthusiastic sound effects.
Mr. Glyn Abbott signals ‘mind blown’ with his hands in reaction to Raheem’s skills.
Scene changes to show two children sat on school chairs talking to the camera. Once child says, ‘He did show off a bit with the football.’
Scene changes to show Raheem and school children crowded around Raheem signed locker. Teacher says, ‘what you doing? WHO did that? We’ll have to discuss this later.’
Raheem backs away from the teacher.
Raheem slowly walks away from the teacher.
Raheem hides behind a post as the children walk away from the teacher.
The teacher wipes the signature off the locker.
Raheem looks out the window.
Scene changes to show Raheem talking school pictures with the Mr. Martin Symes and a student.
Mr. Martin Symes pulls faces while photographer takes photos.
The scene changes to show headteacher sat at his desk. Mr. Martin Symes says, ‘Raheem uhh, maybe he’s learnt a little bit about leadership, uhhh from me ha ha.’
Scene changes to show Raheem winking at the camera as he signs locker.
Scene changes to show Raheem sat at a desk in a classroom, he throws he hand up in the air to answer a question.
Scene returns to Mr. Martin Symes at his desk.
Scene changes to show children playing in the playground. Raheem says, ‘and uh just how to be happy because that’s what we are, we are a happy school’.
Scene changes to show school children kicking a ball around the playground.
Scene changes to show two children sat in a classroom. Child says, ‘Will there be any other football players coming?’